about.md, before:

---
layout: page
published: true
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Hi. It's me, Zoltan - or *borsi* for my friends, hence my username and the url of this blog. Time and again I realize that something is missing from my life. And it usually turns out thet the missing thing is writing. 

When you read this I am probably a *product person* working in IT with a team... on a product (or product**s**). So there are quite a lot on my mind concerning **management**, **leadership**, **user experience** and just being a *better person*. On the one hand I'd like to write about these things obviously. Not to tell anyone *how* anything is or to proclaim really *unique* findings but mostly to clear *my* mind and organize the experience I am gathering through the years.

On the other hand though, I really like telling stories. I may not be good at it, but I do like the process of creating narratives, worlds and characters. So sometimes - especially when I have a glass of wine or beer too many - I create these... artsy-fartsy things.

My hope is that I'll be able to put these things here and also separate them somehow thematically. So you'll be able to read just the things you are interested in. :)

Commit message:

New post and new About pt 2

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
published: true
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

Hi. It's me, Zoltan - or *borsi* for my friends, hence my username and the url of this blog. 
Time and again I realize that something is missing from my life.
And it usually turns out thet the missing thing is writing. 

When you read this, I am probably a *product person* working in IT with a team... on a product (or product**s**). 
So there are quite a lot on my mind concerning **management**, **leadership**, **user experience** and just being a *better person*. 
On the one hand, I'd like to write about these things - obviously. 
Not to **tell** anyone *how* anything is or to proclaim really *unique* findings but mostly to clear *my* mind and organize the experience I am gathering through the years.

On the other hand though, I really like telling stories. 
I may not be good at it, but I do like the process of creating narratives, worlds, and characters. 
So sometimes - especially when I had a glass of wine or beer too many - I create these... artsy-fartsy things.

My hope is that I'll be able to put these things here and also separate them somehow thematically. So you'll be able to read just the things you are interested in. :)

I tried to explain why this blog exists in [my first post]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2017-06-11-things-to-come %}).
Check it out and be either enlightened or more more confused.
